Update images.mdx (#7856)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/images.mdx

# My MDX Page

> // Local image stored in the src/pages/
> ![Houston in the wild](houston.png)
> 
> // Local image stored in the src/pages/foo/
> ![Houston in the dense forests](foo/houston.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Local image stored in the the same folder
![Houston in the wild](houston.png)
```
I don't think we should show the second example because it's not really common that someone would keep images in `src/pages/otherfolder/` anyway. I think just showing the same folder is fine, since if you were going to keep images in a different folder, you'd probably NOT put that folder in pages. It just looks weird. But at least this way, collocated images are shown.

Author: Alright 👍🏻
